# Vairt Website
Vairt is a property management system, channel manager & a two-sided platform for investing and raising capital with fiat and cryptocurrencies via a blockchain. Vairt provides a hassle-free, branded travel accommodation experience that is operated by professional vendors. The platform and underlying technology is designed to allow a vibrant ecosystem of investors, property manager and opportunities to emerge and share in mutually beneficial transactions. Users will be able to credit their platform wallets with Digital/Fiat Currency and then purchase fractional ownership in properties using timeshare concept on the platform. User wallets will begin to accrue passive income from day one of the investment using property-specific smart contracts. Vairt is an Ethereum smart-contracts governed ecosystem and funding platform focused on using the functionality of blockchain for improved liquidity, transparency, and security as well as a reduction in fees for secured real estate investments. The platform allows investors, globally, the ability to efficiently invest and fundraise for vacation holiday home offerings without the complications and excessive costs of securities registration. Vairt portfolio would ideally occupy the casual luxury segment that has broad appeal to internationally-mobile businesses and holiday travelers. The earned passive income can be used to book portfolio properties for residence, invest in further properties or cash out in form of crypto currency. 
